---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: true
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-22T12:01:44.725Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-22T12:01:06.145Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-22-a11b8200-4a66-4879-8914-35479bf2cd73.md
published: true
url: a11b8200-4a66-4879-8914-35479bf2cd73/index.html
_type: Article

---
Let me explain...

Right now you have a chance to use a legal strategy that could transform your income for the better - irrespective of your age, your gender or your experience.

In just a matter of days from now you could be enjoying some serious gains.

But before I go on to show you exactly how you can get involved, let me reassure you of something...

* This isn't some fly-by-night get rich quick scam.
* This strategy won't lead to closures of betting accounts as it's fully above board
* I apologise for being blunt, but**this invitation isn't for dreamers or impatient people**who want to get rich overnight

Let me ask you a silly question...

## **WOULDN'T YOU LIKE TO FINALLY PUT THE ODDS IN YOUR FAVOUR?**

**Of course you would!**

And I know how much it hurts when you follow one of those 'proven' system that only loses you money. And boy, isn't it hard to admit it when you've made a mistake?

For too long the bookies have had the odds stacked in their favour. And the biggest culprits are the tired and worn out old-fashioned betting systems that for years have largely served only to line the bookies pockets at your expense.

Now, at last, there really is something new you can do about it.

Plus there are NO big obstacles to your entry.

In fact,**you could start with as little as £1, $1, or €1 yet your potential profits could be almost unlimited.**

## You're About To Discover a Genuine, Profitable, and Legal Betting Loophole That Is Simply Too Good To Miss!

In a moment I'll give you full details of a strategy that takes full advantage of this loophole through a little-known mathematical law that exists in a particular sector of the sports betting market.

A mathematical law the bookmakers are aware of, don't want you to know about, but can't stop you from using!

And let me be perfectly clear,**this isn't anything to do with arbitrage betting!**

Of course right now you may be thinking that any form of gambling is too risky, too speculative, and that it's only the bookmakers who ever win in the long term.

And just a couple of years or so ago I would have agreed with you 100%.

But that was before I happened to stumble across a simple but devastatingly powerful mathematical principle which proved to me beyond all doubt that it is possible to consistently profit at the bookmakers' expense.

In fact, I'm so confident that this amazing product I'm about to uncover could provide you with regular profits, you can have a full 8-weeks to test it.

If it fails to perform as claimed here, simply let me know and you can have a 'no questions asked' refund.

I know, I know! There will be those who'll buy the system and use it successfully but still claim their money back by misuse of this generous guarantee, knowing that they can then continue to use the system for free.

There's just something in human nature that tempts folk to try to get something for nothing. Everyone is subject to this influence - and I do mean everyone. The only difference is, some have the moral control not to give in to it and others don't...

But I'm relying upon most buyers having that moral control, and being willing to accept that it's worth the small fee they paid for a system that lives up to the claims made for it.

All right.**I'll show you how to start your free trial in just a minute**, so please bear with me.

I know you'll be pleasantly surprised by what you'll learn and even more delighted when you start making these profits for yourself.

## Here's How You Can Start Profiting From The Loophole In The Football Sector Of The Sports Betting Industry...

AND THANKS TO THE INTERNET YOU CAN DO THIS IF YOU LIVE IN THE UK, US, CANADA, AUSTRALIA OR NEW ZEALAND - or anywhere else where your computer uses a well-known operating system.

You'll have seen at the beginning of this letter that my name is Wilfed Holt.

I create and develop specialized strategies for a wide range of activities, all including serious opportunities for my clients to make money.

A percentage of my work is concentrated upon more traditional forms of investing, notably property. However, many of my clients are also interested in alternative investment vehicles such as the lottery and casino gambling.

My strategies helping them to succeed in those areas are delivered to countries as far apart as the UK, Asia and Australia.

But what I'm about to reveal to you now about the football betting industry could prove to be**the cornerstone of your betting income this year.**

And I'd like to give you the chance to take advantage of this today - risk free.

By now I hope you're at least a little intrigued by this opportunity. But perhaps you're also still concerned about the possibility of there being risks involved. I understand completely.

I mean, isn't betting a mug's game after all?

I'd always thought investing in sports betting was much riskier than the Stock Market. I assumed the only people who got involved were gamblers, and that serious investors were better off steering clear.

Well that might have been the case in the past but as you're about to find out, exactly the opposite is now true. As a serious investor, you really can make money in the sports betting market.

Of course the_everyday_returns on your investments aren't always huge but I'm sure you'll agree that with the quick turn around you always get, even just a 25% profit over a couple of days could be very acceptable to you.

After all,_any_profit is great news! Right? Especially when it's paid to you quickly, as it reliably always is.

But, happily, now and again**the sports betting market excels itself and throws-up opportunities that are a whole lot better**than the everyday...

So what's all the excitement about? What is this product and how could you use it to your financial advantage?

## Unbelievable?  
I ASSURE YOU WITHOUT FEAR OF CONTRADICTION IT IS ABSOLUTELY TRUE!

Can you begin to imagine the fantastic advantage that gives you? Can you see the amazing potential for profit you have?

I won't go into the mathematical reasoning here. Nothing sinister, you understand. As a matter of fact, a full explanation and examples are given in the product User's Guide.

But what you're probably more interested in right now is how you could pocket the potential profits without any real risk. Well, when you first get your hands on**Next Gen Football**try 'paper trading'.

Just run the games through the tips we send you, but don't place any bets, to prove to your own satisfaction that the claims are truthful and to see without risking a penny how much you could be making!

Once you've witnessed the convincing results with your own hands-on tests and concluded you'll make money, go right ahead and invest for real.

But don't forget if**Next Gen**doesn't perform exactly as claimed here, you can have your money back any time within 8-weeks of your receiving the product. No quibble!

**Next Generation Football Alchemy(tm)**includes a detailed User's Guide which explains, with examples, exactly how everything works and the principle that underpins it all. But be assured you don't need to be a mathematician to understand exactly what's going on.

Everything is laid out in crystal clear fashion.

And best of all, you mercifully don't have to find the right matches or do calculations if you don't want to!

**My assistant Olivia will be sending you our PERSONAL system selections every morning.**

You simply go to your bookmaker and follow what we tell you

##### IT'S AS QUICK AND AS EASY AS THAT!

At the same time, you have the system in your hands in case you want to push yourself and make abit more.

This means that YOU ALWAYS KNOW WHEN TO BET AND HOW MUCH... and THAT is the critical difference between controlled-risk investing and high-risk gambling.The amount you win is then dependent upon the odds you get, and the stake you place.

**Only NextGen gives you such fast, precise,  
reliable, and highly visible pin-sharp accuracy!**

And all you have to do to enjoy this high level precision and safety is simply to follow our part-correct predictions, and your stake per bet at the odds advertised. That's all there is to it!

There are many matches and leagues that we go through, each of them with a 60.4% simple odds chance of being at correct. And even if you decided to choose a couple of football matches in the Ghanaian Premier League you'd still have the same 60.4% simple odds chance of correctly predicting the result.

Look, if you can use your computer to type your name you can use**NextGen**. It couldn't be simpler!

And as I said before, you have a full 8-weeks to check this out for yourself. No pressure!

No rush! No risk! That gives you plenty of time to put everything to the test and to PROVE**NextGen Football**does exactly as claimed.

The**NextGen Football**User's Guide covers it all, and makes it easy for you to start and to expand. You can be up and running within 24 hours. Frankly if you wanted to do it faster you could, but 24 hours is a sensible time scale to work to.

## AND NOW!The Voice of Experience ~ The Ultimate Demonstration of Customer Satisfaction & Product Performance?

NextGen has its list of devoted users' but here's one hot and entirely unsolicited product endorsement that clinches the very real essence of**NextGen's**vital value. This highly experienced user actually...

**bought NextGen TWICE!**

Here's what happened...

On 1st September 2007 Tony Glew, a satisfied long term user of**NextGen**, sent me this email ~

**_"Hello Wilfred. Hope everything's OK for you. It's a long time since we spoke. The reason for this email is that I have been hit by a virus sent by some mindless moron and I have lost virtually everything I had installed on my pc (including NextGen). Therefore is there any chance you could send me another to download please?"_**

Well... as it happened I was away at the time and so didn't reply to Tony's email until two days later, on 3rd September, when I emailed him and told him I would be happy to send him a replacement copy of**NextGen**.

**BUT IN JUST THOSE SHORT 48-HOURS, I WAS TOO LATE!**

...Tony replied almost immediately. Here's what he said ~

**_"Thanks for the reply... As regards**NextGen**, I decided yesterday that I was lost without it and so purchased it again... so now there is no need for the replacement!"_**

To buy NextGen, only to be subsequently deprived of it, and over time to have become so impressed by**NextGen's**key attributes that after just two days without it you find yourself so "Lost without it..."that you voluntarily lay down your money a second time to buy it again, speaks volumes in unsolicited user support of**NextGen's**immense credibility and performance reliability where it really matters - at the sharp end of betting.

**And when, after long-term use, you willingly put your money down a SECOND TIME for the same product, that's surely got to be the final word on customer satisfaction!**

Don't you agree?

(Extracts used with customer's permission. The original emails are held on file.)

Now I'm not about to insult your intelligence by dragging you through a lengthy justification for the price. I'm not going to get into telling you about how many months it took me to create - although it did take months - and then ask you how much you think you should pay for it.

And I'm certainly not going to patronise you by going into some sort of reverse auction routine, starting off at £200 and progressively coming down to, say, £150 then £97 and so on...

You know the pitch! You've probably seen it a thousand times before on the Internet.

I'm not going to beat about the bush. You get the complete Next Generation Football Alchemy(tm). - that's the system User's Guide and the software - for a total of just £19.99\. And, yes, I do realise it's worth a lot more...